TWENTY FIVE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS MEETING
I'M CANDICE BREYER, CHAIRPERSON
OF THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS.
THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS IS
A NINE PERSON VOLUNTEER BOARD
NOMINATED BY THE MAYOR AND
APPROVED BY CITY COUNCIL.
FIRST WE'LL HEAR FROM PLANNING
SERVICES REPRESENTED TONIGHT BY
JOHN BARRETT.
THEN THE APPLICANT OR THEIR
REPRESENTATIVE WILL MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION APPLICANTS WILL
HAVE FIVE MINUTES IN WHICH TO
MAKE THEIR PRESENTATION STAFF
WILL KEEP TIME AND WILL
ANNOUNCE WHEN 30 SECONDS ARE
REMAINING PUBLIC COMMENT IS
AVAILABLE IN PERSON OR
REMOTELY.
WE WILL FIRST CALL AN
INDIVIDUALS PRESENT TO ADDRESS
THE BOARD THEN REMOTE
PARTICIPANTS TO SPEAK DURING A
PUBLIC HEARING OR DURING PUBLIC
COMMENT REMOTELY PRESS STAR
NINE IF LISTENING BY PHONE OR
USE THE PHRASE AND FEATURE IF
VIEWING THROUGH THE WEBLINK FOR
PHONE ACCESS CALL EIGHT SEVEN
SEVEN EIGHT FIVE THREE FIVE TO
FOUR SEVEN AND ENTER MEETING ID
NINE THREE EIGHT ONE SIX FOUR
EIGHT ONE ZERO ZERO SEVEN CITY
STAFF WILL SELECT CALLERS THAT
HAVE RAISED THEIR HAND USING
THE LAST THREE DIGITS OF YOUR
PHONE NUMBER OR BY NAME IF
AVAILABLE FOR THOSE ACCESSING
THROUGH THE WEBLINK YOU WILL
HEAR AN AUTOMATED ANNOUNCEMENT
THAT THE HOST IS ALLOWING YOU
TO SPEAK WHEN SPEAKING PLEASE
MOVE TO A QUIET AREA AND MUTE
ANY TELEVISION OR BACKGROUND
SOUNDS WE MAY ASK QUESTIONS
OF EITHER THE CITY OR THE
APPLICANT.
WE WILL ACKNOWLEDGE ANY WRITTEN
COMMENTS RECEIVED BY THE BOARD.
WE WILL ALLOW AN APPEARING
PARTY TO EXPRESS THEIR SUPPORT
OR OBJECTIONS.
THE BOARD WILL THEN DISCUSS THE
APPEAL AND FORMULATE A MOTION
TO APPROVE THAT APPEAL.
FIVE AFFIRMATIVE VOTES OF THE
BOARD WILL BE REQUIRED FOR AN
APPEAL TO BE GRANTED.
>> FINALLY, ANY QUALIFIED PARTY
WHO IS AGGRIEVED BY A DECISION
OF THE BOARD CAN APPEAL THAT
DECISION TO THE WASHTENAW
COUNTY CIRCUIT COURT ON A
TIMELY BASIS.
>> ROLL CALL CANDICE BREYER I
AM HERE DAVE DIVERSEY GIVATI
HERE PETIT LASKOWSKI, YOU'RE
JULIE WETHERBEE HERE.
DREW DANZON, MIKE DANIEL DERMO
ECKMANN HERE.
CHRISTINA GUZIK HERE WE HAVE A
QUORUM MOVING ON TO APPROVAL
OF THE AGENDA.
I WILL NOTE QUICKLY IF THERE'S
ANYONE HERE OR ACCESSING ONLINE
THAT'S HERE TO SPEAK ON THE
PETITION ON E HEREN THAT'S BEEN
PULLED FROM THE AGENDA THAT
WILL BE BACK NEXT MONTH.
SO WE WON'T BE DISCUSSING THAT
AT ALL THIS EVENING.
THREE FIFTEEN W EURO.
OH YES SAAJAN NO PROBLEM.
>> UM, MOVING ON TO APPROVAL
OF THE AGENDA DO I HAVE A
MOTION TO APPROVE THE AGENDA?
>> THANK YOU.
PARIS REPORT.
>> THANK YOU JULIO IN FAVOR SAY
AYE I OPPOSED MOVING ON TWO
MINUTES WE HAVE MINUTES FROM
THE AUGUST TWENTY SEVENTH
TWENTY TWENTY FIVE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS MEETING.
ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS,
COMMENTS CORRECTIONS ON THOSE
MINUTES IF NOT DO I HAVE A
MOTION TO APPROVE THE MINUTES
.
THANK YOU JULIE.
SUPPORT.
>> THANK YOU DARRO ALL IN FAVOR
SAY AYE AYE I OPPOSED.
>> ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO PUBLIC HEARINGS.
WE HAVE PETITIONED CBA TWENTY
FIVE DASH ZERO ZERO TWO ONE
THREE FOUR ONE NORTH MAPLE ROAD
JAM.
>> GOOD EVENING.
MY NAME IS JOHN BAIRD, THE
ZONING COORDINATOR FOR THE CITY
OF ANN ARBOR.
THE FIRST CASE THIS EVENING
LIKE THIS SAID THREE FORTY ONE
NORTH MAPLE ROAD FURTHER
IDENTIFIED AS ZYDA TWENTY FIVE
DASH ZERO ZERO TWO ONE PAUL
DEIDRE'S REPRESENTING THE
PROPERTY BUSINESS OWNER IS
REQUESTING A FOUR POINT SEVENTY
FIVE SQUARE FOOT VARIANCE FROM
TABLE FIVE POINT TWENTY FOUR
DASH THREE OTHER MIXED USE AND
NONRESIDENTIAL AND SPECIAL
PURPOSE DISTRICT PERMANENT
SIGNS.
THE MAXIMUM HEIGHT OF A WALL
SIGN IS TWENTY FEET AND THE
APPLICANT IS PROPOSING A WALL
SIGN TO BE INSTALLED AT TWENTY
FOUR POINT SEVENTY FIVE FEET
ABOVE GRADE.
THE PROPERTY ZONE TSI ONE
TRANSIT CORRIDOR DISTRICT THE
SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED ON
THE WEST SIDE OF NORTH MAPLE
ROAD AND THE MAPLE VILLAGE
SHOPPING CENTER.
THE PROPOSED SIGN IS ONE
HUNDRED TWO SQUARE FEET FOR A
NEW RALLY HOUSE RETAIL STORE
THAT REPLACES THE PREVIOUS
KIRKLAND'S RETAILER TABLE FIVE
POINT TWENTY FOUR THREE
REQUIRES WAL SIGNS TO BE IN THE
LOWEST TWENTY FEET OF A
BUILDING WHEN INSTALLED ON A
BUILDING THAT IS LESS THAN
FORTY FIVE FEET IN TOTAL
HEIGHT.
THE SUBJECT BUILDING IS
APPROXIMATELY 30 FEET IN
OVERALL HEIGHT.
THE APPLICANT REQUESTS THIS
VARIANCE TO INSTALL THIS WALL
SIGN AT THE TWENTY FOUR POINT
SEVEN FOOT MARK.
IF YOU'LL TURN YOUR ATTENTION
TO THE MONITOR'S YOU'LL SEE THE
FIRST SLIDE IS THE ZONING MAP.
THE SUBJECT BUILDING IS
HIGHLIGHTED IN THE BLUE.
THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE AERIAL
MAP AND SHOWS SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES AND EXISTING
CONDITIONS AND THE NEXT SLIDE
IS THE ZOOMED IN AERIAL PHOTO
OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY MAYPO
VILLAGE SHOPPING CENTER.
THIS IS THE INSPECTION THE
PHOTOS I TOOK OF MY INSPECTION.
YOU SEE THE SIGN IS CURRENTLY
ALREADY INSTALLED.
IT WAS INSTALLED UNDER A SIGN
PERMIT TWENTY FIVE DASH XEROS
OR FIVE SIX IT WAS APPROVED BY
ZONING AND THE BUILDING
DEPARTMENT.
JUST A DIFFERENT PERSPECTIVE
OF THE SIGN EXISTING CONDITIONS
AND THE TWO RETAIL TENANTS
DIRECTLY TO THE LEFT OF THE
SUBJECT SIGN AND SUBJECT
BUSINESS AND TO TENANTS TO THE
RIGHT OF THE SUBJECT BUSINESS.
THAT IS PRETTY MUCH ALL I HAVE
FOR MY STAFF PRESENTATION AND I
CAN TAKE ANY QUESTIONS THAT YOU
HAVE AT THIS TIME.
>> THANK YOU JOHN.
>> ANY QUESTIONS DAVE?
>> JUST JUST AN ODD QUESTION ON
OUR MAP AND ON THE SCREEN YOU
HAD THE GREEN OUTLINE OF THE
STRUCTURE THAT THIS IS PART
OF ALL THE AND THEN THERE'S
ALSO A GREEN BORDER AROUND ONE
OF THE OUTLYING BUILDINGS.
YEAH, THAT'S JUST I THINK IT'S
JUST BECAUSE THAT'S THAT
SMALLER ONE IS ADDRESSED AS
THREE FORTY ONE BUT IT
HIGHLIGHTED BOTH OF THEM SO
IT'S THE NO SIGNAGE THERE.
NO THAT'S CORRECT.
IT'S JUST FOR THIS SO THERE'S
NOT SOME NO PODIUM SIGN OR
WHATEVER.
NO SIR NO AND THEN THE OTHER
QUESTION THERE WAS A PICTURE
OF A SIGN IT LOOKED LIKE IT WAS
HIGHER THAN THIS.
IS THAT THE CASE THAT WAS TO
THE RIGHT.
>> YEAH, THAT'S FIVE BELOW.
THAT'S BECAUSE THAT'S IT WAS
EXISTING PRIOR TO THE SIGN
ORDINANCE CHANGED IN TWENTY
NINETEEN.
SO IF THAT WAS TO SAY ANOTHER
RETAIL WAS GOING THERE AND TAKE
THAT EXISTING SITE DOWN THE NEW
TENANT WOULD HAVE TO COME AND
COMPLY WITH THIS REQUIREMENT.
THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR JOHN.
ALL RIGHT IF THE PETITIONER IS
HERE PLEASE COME FORWARD.
>> SIGN IN STATE YOUR NAME
YOU'LL HAVE FIVE MINUTES.
THANK YOU.
HAVE SIGNED IN ALREADY.
GOOD EVENING.
MY NAME IS PAUL LEADERS.
I AM WITH METRO SIGNS AND
LIGHTING ONE ONE FOUR FOUR FOUR
COLTS' AVENUE WARREN AND WITH
ME THIS EVENING OR JOSH FROM
THE CONSTRUCTION TEAM AND
MONICA WHO IS THE SENIOR
DISTRICT MANAGER WITH RALLY
HOUSE THEY'LL BE SPEAKING AS
WELL.
SO JOHN, THANK YOU FOR YOUR
SUMMARY.
YOU KNOW REALLY THE DIFFICULTY
THAT WE'RE HAVING HERE IS A
RALLY HOUSE WHO HAD BEEN IN THE
CENTER RELOCATE IT HAD A LARGER
SIGN AND A DIFFERENT LOCATION
IN THE CENTER EXPANDED THEIR
SPACE SIGNIFICANTLY TO COME TO
THIS LOCATION.
THEY LOVE BEING IN ANN ARBOR.
THE CHALLENGES HERE, THEY'RE
GETTING AN AWFUL LOT
OF COMMENTS.
THERE ARE FOUR OTHER EXISTING
SIGNS THAT ARE ON LUISE
ARCHITECTURAL FEATURES LIKE
THIS.
ALL OF THEM ARE CENTERED IN
THAT ARCHITECTURAL FEATURE.
PEOPLE CAN'T HELP BUT COME
THERE SAYING YOUR SIGN IS OUT
OF PLACE AND IT'S THE FIRST
THING THAT EVERYBODY NOTICES
THERE BECAUSE IT'S OFF CENTER
JUST LIKE THE GENTLEMAN MADE
THE COMMENT, THE OTHER ONE'S
NEXT DOOR TO THAT AND AND IT'S
SIGNIFICANTLY IMPACTING THEIR
BUSINESS AND I'D LIKE FOR
MONICA TO COME UP AND SHE SHE
CAN SHARE SOME MORE ABOUT THAT
.
HI, I'M MONICA ROSS.
I'M THE SENIOR DISTRICT MANAGER
FOR ROWLEY HOUSE.
I AM THE LEADER OF ALL OF OUR
ANN ARBOR LOCATIONS.
WE HAVE FIVE LOCATIONS AS WELL
AS A TENT THAT WE OPERATE HERE
IN ANN ARBOR.
WE DID MOVE THIS LOCATION FROM
THE SHOPPING CENTER I THINK IN
THE PHOTO THAT YOU SHOWED
EARLIER IT WAS THE BUILDING
HIGHLIGHTED IN RED OR HAD A RED
LINE.
WE NEARLY DOUBLED IN SIZE.
WE EXPANDED OUR SELECTION AND
WE ALSO EXPANDED OUR TEAM
SELECTION AS WELL.
SO INITIALLY WE ONLY HAD
MICHIGAN WITH A VERY, VERY
REDUCED SELECTION OF OTHER PRO
TEAMS WHICH WE'VE EXPANDED IN
THE NEW SPACE NOT COUNTING THE
FIRST COUPLE OF WEEKS BECAUSE
IT DID TAKE US A LITTLE TIME TO
FILL IN OVER THE LAST COUPLE
OF WEEKS.
HAVE BEEN DOWN ANYWHERE FROM 20
TO 60 PERCENT OFF OF OUR
PROJECTIONS FOR THIS NEW SPACE.
WE DO GET A LOT OF COMMENTS HE
MENTIONED WITH CUSTOMERS WHO
EITHER THINK THAT WE DID IT
INCORRECTLY BY PUTTING IT IN
THAT SPACE OR THAT JUST MISSED
THE BUILDING ALTOGETHER THE
DRIVE TO THE OLD LOCATION WHICH
IS BASICALLY A DIFFERENT
DIRECTION AND WHEN THEY GLANCE
OVER SOME OF THE TREES BLOCK
THE SIGN THAT EXISTS CURRENTLY
YOU CAN SEE IT THERE TO THE
LEFT IF YOU'RE ON THE OTHER
SIDE OF THE PARKING LOT WHERE
THE CURRENT OR THE OLD STORE
WAS, IT'S DIFFICULT TO SEE THE
EXISTING SIGN OVER THE TREES.
OBVIOUSLY AS YOU MENTIONED AS
WELL, ALL OF THE OTHER
LOCATIONS THAT HAVE THAT
FEATURE HAVE THEIR DESIGN
HIGHER UP.
SO I THINK THAT THAT'S PART
OF THE CONFUSION AS THEY STILL
THINK THAT THE SPACE IS VACANT
BUT THEY UNFORTUNATELY THINK
WE'VE CLOSED THEIR DOORS
ALTOGETHER AND THAT'S CERTAINLY
NOT OUR INTENT.
WE WOULD LIKE TO CONTINUE TO
GROW WITH ANN ARBOR AS WE HAVE
BEEN YOU KNOW, WITH I'VE DONE
STORES ACQUISITION AND THIS ONE
IS MEANT TO BE MORE OF A
NEIGHBORHOOD STORE.
YOU KNOW, WE HAVE OUR URBAN
LAND LOCATION THAT DOES REALLY
WELL ON THE EAST SIDE OF TOWN
AND WE'D REALLY WE'RE LOOKING
FORWARD TO OUR MAPLE VILLAGE
ONE AND DOING REALLY WELL ON
THE WEST SIDE OF TOWN.
>> SO WE APPRECIATE YOU GUYS
CONSIDERING THANK YOU.
ANY QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONERS, DAVE?
WHAT WE'RE LOOKING AT THIS
PARTICULAR SLIDE YOUR VARIANCE
YOU SEE THESE LINES CUTTING
ACROSS I DON'T KNOW WHAT THE
DISTANCE IS BETWEEN NOW.
YOU KNOW THE THEY'RE NOT THERE
JUST LOOKS LIKE A LITTLE CREASE
INCREASES IN THE BIG PLATFORM.
THEY'RE HOW MANY HOW HIGH UP
ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT MOVING
THAT REALLY OUTSIDE THE SLIDE
THAT'S ON THE SCREEN RIGHT NOW.
SO THE EXISTING SIGN AS YOU SEE
ON THE SLIDE RIGHT THERE SITS
AT TWENTY FEET THE TOP THE TOP
OF IT'S AT TWENTY FEET BECAUSE
THAT'S WHAT WE HAD TO DO TO BE
ABLE TO GET TO THAT WE COULD
OPEN RIGHT AND HAVE A
CONFORMING SIGN BY YES.
WE'RE ACTUALLY REQUESTING IS
ASKING TO MOVE IT HOW MUCH
HIGHER?
FOUR FEET NINE INCHES HIGHER
BUT I'M IN HOW MANY LINES SO
THAT'S THE ONE THIRD LINE TO BE
THE ONE TO THREE IT WOULD BE TO
MOVE IT TO AND AN EIGHTH LINES
UP SO BASICALLY TO CENTER IT IF
THAT'S WHAT IT IS IN THAT AREA
BECAUSE WHAT ARE OTHER SIGNS
WITH THAT TYPE OF ARCHITECTURAL
FEATURE IN THE WHOLE CENTER
RIGHT HAND SIDE CENTERED IN THE
FEET I'VE SEEN THAT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR THE
PETITIONER?
YEAH, GO AHEAD KRISTEN.
THAT FROM THE DISTANCE THERE'S
SOME LANDSCAPE THAT BLOCKS THE
SIGN.
DO YOU HAVE A PHOTO OF THAT OR
IT'S THE TREE I WAS GOING TO
SAY YOU SEE A TREE ON THE SIDE
AND THEN THERE'S A TREE JUST TO
THE RIGHT OF THIS VEHICLE
THAT'S THERE.
THERE'S ACTUALLY A LINE
OF TREES BUT THEY'RE NOT ON AN
ISLAND IN FRONT.
YEAH, THERE'S KIND OF LIKE A
SMALL MODI'IN IT IF YOU'RE
LOOKING DIRECTLY AT IT YOU WILL
FIND IT.
IT'S NOT THAT'S NOT THE ISSUE.
IT'S REALLY FROM AN ANGLE WHICH
MOST CUSTOMERS THAT THEY GO TO
OUR OLD SPACE ARE GOING TO BE
NATURALLY AT AN ANGLE TO A
STORE AND UNLESS THEY'RE
SPECIFICALLY LOOKING AT THAT
DIRECTION IT CAN BE A VISIBLE
BARRIER.
I.
OK, OK OK.
YEAH I SEE I SEE OK YEAH I'M
JUST GOING TO THANKS THANKS
.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS.
ALL RIGHT THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
THANK YOU.
AT THIS POINT WE WILL OPEN THE
PUBLIC HEARING SO IF THERE'S
ANYONE FROM THE PUBLIC WHO
WISHES TO SPEAK ON THIS
PETITION NOW IS YOUR CHANCE IF
YOU'RE HERE IN PERSON PLEASE
COME FORWARD.
IF YOU ARE ACCESSING REMOTELY
PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE OR USE
THE RES HAND SO WE HAVE ONE
LAST NAME VERY, VERY
OF ALLOWING YOU TO TALK.
I'M ASKING YOU TO ON MUTE IF
YOU CAN HEAR ME
BARRY CAN YOU
HEAR ME
ALL RIGHT?
I NOT SURE WHAT TO
JOHN I'M
FAIRLY CERTAIN HIS INTENT WAS
JUST TO LISTEN TO OK ALL RIGHT
HE HAD INTENTIONS.
ALL RIGHT.
SO THERE ARE NO OTHER CALLERS
AT THIS TIME.
>> ALL RIGHT.
EXCELLENT.
>> THE PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED
AND WE ARE IN DISCUSSION,
JULIE.
SO I'M LOOKING GOOGLE MAP
OF THIS AND JOHN, I DON'T AH I
DON'T KNOW IF I'LL LOOK I'LL
JUST USE THAT AS THE AND IT
LOOKS LIKE ALL OF THE SIGNS FOR
ALL OF THE BUSINESSES ARE
CENTERED EVEN ON THE ONES THAT
ARE A LITTLE BIT LOWER.
THEY'RE STILL CENTERED IN THEIR
FACADE LIKE THE THIS ONE HAS
THE SORT OF STICKY UP FACADE.
I'M SURE THERE'S A TECHNICAL
FOR THE OTHERS.
>> YEAH.
YOU'RE SAYING ALL THE SIGNS ARE
CENTERED ON THE BROWN PANELING
.
YEAH.
LIKE ALL THE SIGNS ARE CENTERED
FOR HOW MUCH YEAH.
HEIGHT THEY HAVE EXCEPT FOR
THIS ALL THEY WERE ALL
INSTALLED THERE SO IT'S TWENTY
NINETEEN BUT LIKE I SAID ONE IS
REMOVED AND THE NEW ONE COMES
IN FOR PERMITTING THEY'RE GOING
TO BE UNDER THE SAME
REQUIREMENTS AS THIS TIME IT
BUT CURRENTLY THEY'RE ALL
CENTERED EXCEPT FOR THIS ONE I
BELIEVE SO YES
.
>> JOHN DO YOU KNOW IS A SIGN
THAT'S SHOWN HERE THE MAXIMUM
SIZE THAT THEY'RE ALLOWED?
>> I BELIEVE IT IS, YES.
IT WAS ONE HUNDRED TWO SQUARE
AND SO I THINK THEIR TENANT
SPACE WAS FIFTY ONE LINEAR FEET
SO THEY GET DOUBLE THAT ONE
HUNDRED TWO SQUARE FEET.
OK, THANK YOU.
>> YEAH I CAN SEE WHY THIS IS
DIFFICULT I GUESS I APPRECIATE
THAT THEY TRIED I CAN SEE WHY
IT LOOKS SILLY WITH THE FRAMING
AND I THINK THESE WHATEVER YOU
CALL THESE THINGS THESE SIGN
FRAMES THAT SIT ON THE FACADES
OF BUILDINGS I MAKE IT
CHALLENGING IF IT WAS JUST THE
BROWN ALL THE WAY ACROSS I
DON'T THINK THIS WOULD BE AN
ISSUE BUT THAT'S WHAT WE'RE
DEALING WITH.
>> SO I'LL BE SUPPORTING THIS.
I WILL SAY I'M STRUGGLING WITH
THIS A LITTLE BIT.
I RECOGNIZE THAT IT LOOKS KIND
OF SILLY AND WE'VE SEEN QUITE A
FEW OF THESE WHERE THE FACADE
WAS BUILT FOR ANOTHER BUSINESS,
ANOTHER SIGN AND IS CLEARLY
INTENDED TO HAVE THE SIGN IN A
CERTAIN SPOT AND OUR CURRENT
ORDINANCE DOESN'T ALLOW THE
SIGN TO BE IN THAT SPOT.
SO ARCHITECTURALLY IT GETS A
LITTLE BIT WEIRD.
BUT WHEN LOOKING AT THE
CONDITIONS THAT WE HAVE THAT AN
APPLICATION HAS TO MEET IN
ORDER TO RECEIVE A VARIANCE, I
MEAN THERE'S NOT A PRACTICAL
DIFFICULTY.
THERE'S CLEARLY A SIGN THERE ON
THE BUSINESS CURRENTLY AND
WHILE IT MAY NOT BE IDEAL, IT
IT EXISTS SO I'M TORN A LITTLE
BIT BETWEEN STRICT
INTERPRETATION OF THE STANDARDS
AND I MEAN AT THE END OF THE
DAY DOES IT REALLY MAKE A HUGE
DIFFERENCE IF THE SIGN AS A
COUPLE OF FEET TALLER PROBABLY
NOT BUT DOES IT MEET THE RULES,
THE STANDARDS?
I DON'T KNOW, DAVE, I'M GOING
TO VOTE IN FAVOR OF THIS.
IT'S IF THIS LOCATION WAS MOVED
OVER TO WHERE THE END OF THE
COMPLEX WHERE IT WOULD BE
READILY VISIBLE TO TRAFFIC
DRIVING BY, I WOULD HAVE MORE
PROBLEM BECAUSE I THINK THE
ORIGINAL INTENT OF THE SITE
ORDINANCE WAS TO MINIMIZE
REDUCE COMPETING THINGS GOING
ON TO DISTRACT DRIVERS.
OF COURSE THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN DOESN'T LISTEN TO
US AND THEY'VE GOT A BIG
BILLBOARD RIGHT OUTSIDE THE
STADIUM WHICH IS VERY
DISTRACTING BECAUSE IT CHANGES
ALL THE TIME.
BUT THIS IS NOT THAT AND THIS
IS A VERY SIMPLE THING.
IT'S A MODEST CHANGE.
IT'S CONSIST WITH EVERYTHING
ELSE IN THE CENTER AND IT'S
AWAY FROM THE ROAD.
I DON'T SEE ANY POSSIBLE DRIVER
DISTRACTION THAT'S GOING TO
RESULT FROM RAISING THIS UP
FOUR FEET.
I'M GOING TO VOTE FOR PETIE.
>> YEAH.
SO I WAS ACTUALLY AT MAPLEWOOD
JUST LIKE THIS LAST WEEK AND I
SAW THE SIGN AND I'M LIKE OH
THEY MUST BE FOLLOWING THE
VARIANCE AND THAT'S WHY IT'S SO
SHORT SO I CAN UNDERSTAND FROM
A PERCEPTION IT IT LOOKED LIKE
IT WAS INSTALLED INCORRECTLY
AND SO I COULD SEE WHERE ALL
THOSE CUSTOMER COMMENTS COULD
BE COMING FROM AND YOU KNOW, IT
COULD GIVE AN ERROR OF LIKE
MAYBE THAT THIS IS THE REAL
RALLY HOUSE BECAUSE THEY DON'T
KNOW HOW TO INSTALL THEIR SIGNS
CORRECTLY.
SO I'M GOING TO BE IN FAVOR FOR
MOVING US UP JUST THE SMALL
AMOUNT THAT THEY ASKED FOR TOM
.
>> I THINK I'M ALSO JUST MOVED
BY THE FACT THAT IT'S NOT VERY
OFTEN THAT WE HAVE SOMEONE COME
IN THAT HAS FOLLOWED THE LETTER
OF THE ZONING LAW AND IS
TELLING US THAT IT'S NOT
WORKING AND IS NOT ASKING FOR A
VARIANCE.
SO I FIND YOU KNOW, THEY'RE
TELLING US THE SIGN ISN'T SORT
OF FUNCTIONING IN THE WAY THAT
THEY NEED IT TO FUNCTION.
THAT TO ME IS COMPLETELY ANY
OTHER DISCUSSION WE'VE ANY
PROMOTION I CAN MAKE A MOTION.
THANK YOU.
>> IF ZIBA TWENTY FIVE DENHA
ZERO ZERO TWO ONE THREE FORTY
ONE NORTH MAPLE ROAD THE ZONING
BOARD OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS
A VARIANCE OF FOUR POINT
SEVENTY FIVE FEET FROM TABLE
FIVE POINT TWENTY FOUR DASH
THREE OTHER MIXED USE AND
NONRESIDENTIAL AND SPECIAL
PURPOSE DISTRICT PERMANENT
SIGNS.
THE MAXIMUM HEIGHT OF A WALL
SIGN IS TWENTY FEET AND THE
APPLICANT IS PROPOSING A WALL
SIGN TWENTY FOUR POINT SEVENTY
FIVE FEET ABOVE GRADE.
THE SIGN WILL BE INSTALLED PER
THE SUBMITTED PLANS.
THANK YOU DAVE.
WE HAVE A MOTION TO SUPPORT.
THANK YOU DARMA
DERMAN.
YES, SORRY.
YES JULIE.
YES.
DAVE VARDY YES.
CHRISTINA YES.
PATTY YES.
I VOTE NO BUT YOU HAVE FIVE
YESES SO THE REQUEST IS GRANTED
.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
HAVE A GOOD NIGHT.
MOVING ON TO UNFINISHED
BUSINESS WE HAVE NONE NEW
BUSINESS REPORTS FROM COUNCIL
DARMOUTH I DON'T HAVE ANYTHING
TO REPORT ALL RIGHT.
>> WELL, COMMUNICATIONS I DID
NOT SEE ANY COMMUNICATIONS IN
OUR PACKAGE SO MOVING ON FROM
THAT PUBLIC COMMENT IF THERE IS
ANYONE FROM THE PUBLIC WHO
WISHES TO SPEAK ON ANY ITEM,
NOW'S YOUR CHANCE.
>> PLEASE COME FORWARD.
STATE YOUR NAME WILL HAVE THREE
MINUTES IF YOU'RE ACCESSING
REMOTELY PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE
OR USE THE HAND BUTTON.
>> THERE ARE NO CALLERS AT THIS
TIME.
THANK YOU DONE WITH IT.
DO I HAVE A MOTION TO ADJOURN?
THANK YOU DIANA.
SUPPORT.
THANK YOU JULIO IN FAVOR SAY I
OPPOSED WE'RE ADJOURNED.
THANKS EVERYBODY.
THANK YOU.
SHORT AND SWEET SHORT AND SWEET